=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dancer::Plugin::Preprocess::Less - Generate CSS files from .less files

=head1 VERSION

version 0.020

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Dancer::Plugin::Preprocess::LESS automatically generates CSS files from Less
files in a Dancer web application.

Add the plugin to your application:

    use Dancer::Plugin::Preprocess::Less;

Configure its settings in the YAML configuration file:

    plugins:
      "Preprocess::Less":
        save: 1
        paths:
          - css
          - subdir/css

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Dancer::Plugin::Preprocess::Less adds support for Less files in a Dancer web
application.

When a request is received for a CSS file, the plugin looks for a Less file with
the same name, and transforms it into CSS. The generated CSS file may then be
saved and served as a regular static file. Every time the source Less file gets
modified, the corresponding CSS file is regenerated.

=head1 CONFIGURATION

The available configuration settings are described below.

=head2 save

If set to C<0>, then the CSS files are generated on-the-fly with every request.
If set to C<1>, the files are generated once and saved, then served as static
files later on.

CSS files are saved in the same directory as the Less files, so the system user
that the web application is running as must be allowed to write to that
directory.

Default: C<0>

=head2 paths

A list of paths to serve CSS files from. Each path is relative to the C<public>
directory of the application.

    plugins:
      "Preprocess::Less":
        paths:
          - css
          - subdir/css

Default: C<'css'>

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4



=back

* L<http://lesscss.org/> - Less website

* L<CSS::LESSp>

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

The plugin uses Ivan Drinchev's L<CSS::LESSp> module. 

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<https://github.com/odyniec/p5-Dancer-Plugin-Preprocess-Less/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/odyniec/p5-Dancer-Plugin-Preprocess-Less>

  git clone https://github.com/odyniec/p5-Dancer-Plugin-Preprocess-Less.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Michal Wojciechowski <odyniec@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by Michal Wojciechowski.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

